welcome back ladies and gentlemen to
game number nine of this will cheese
fail cold cast marathon we're doing 20
of these month honey we're almost at the
halfway Paul most they're actually
moving fairly quickly that's that's all
thanks to the power of legacy of the
void
yeah games are much shorter if we were
in hot sand you told me we're gonna do
20 games a day but we can do this this
is doable mr. Maximas block yeah hit me
up with the sound of having a moment of
reflection I love my old folks home in
the background that's closed down and my
drug dealer front row I'll wake up a
look outside there's a mattress company
van for the 210th time in one week dude
I swear to god they have to be are you
serious they're not a driver for it
there's not their everyday or it's just
like like like sleep country or whatever
yeah yeah or some other shit anyway Oh
back yeah the old folks home it's still
privately-owned it's not owned by the
city so that shit's gonna be there until
ID ie because they're not paying for the
asbestos we're gonna Bateman
now foreclose in that place down it's
not gonna happen down here in the bottom
right hand side we have a goose good
sure not for the top right we have
albino fly hmm I know fly just a
straight just an albino all white fly
I'd be kind of a scary thing I'd
actually be very I'd be petrified if
that thing came and stung me or bit me
or whatever
it'd be a bit strange you afraid you're
gonna catch the white I wonder is is
there actually like albino for
everything like can you find like an
albino like monkey or albino or like a
like a lion I know the vinyl lion makes
lions yeah oh yeah I didn't know that
yep be kind of cool it's just a genetic
mutation that exists in as far as I know
damn near anything so you can so there
might actually be an albino fly some
very likely very cool scary but very
cool like an albino crocodile yeah yeah
ten degrees my mind just kept in fact
I'm pretty sure there's one in some
country somewhere in its worshiped elbow
crocodile or an alligator one or the
other it's bullshit
yeah it's like a it's like a kind of God
status yeah
hope I know anything usually is a god
status and some drugs don't work so like
if you're an albino person and you just
like walked into the road no banana
you're like Satan okay they'll burn you
yeah probably will burn the red eyes
happen and they're like you need to die
you need to be at the stake bro great
this is supposed to be a will she's male
what in the almighty fuck is happening
this guy has four necks I for I mean for
he opened up for Nexus is he choosing
himself he's definitely putting himself
at a huge disadvantage Donald Trump
level real estate man Nexus what the
almighty shikaka oh man white devil she
got equid soo or job did are you seeing
what this is what is in all witnesses it
I don't know why I'm witnessing it but
it's happening I mean you know at some
point maybe you just have to think to
yourself why not open for Nexus 5 why
not open five Nexus why not I literally
thought I had seen everything in
StarCraft in terms of like ridiculous
builds you know and then somebody opens
up five next six then somebody opens up
six Nexus there is not even a gateway
down yet
and another one and another one by your
mama house by your whole family houses
mm-hmm because that's what's happened
right here
this is ridiculous dude I mean what is
this guy gonna think when he sees this
I don't what how do you react oh my god
you know what's crazy dude is he's gonna
Scout he's gonna scout top left I'm
gonna think this is the main oh no this
he's actually gonna think this is his
main base oh god this is like this is
craziness dude and if probe is down
there at the moment of the making like
anything in a natural well I mean this
is what he sees this is like so you know
he didn't mean that to happen so this is
like some reason like episode says
episode 8 type shit more than one well
yeah I mean yeah oh my god and he's
getting more no way dude I wanted to win
no no I am rooting for albino fly no way
do I want
albino fly to win this game I want it to
happen listen if this guy ends up
winning the game he is going to be the
number one straight to number a No
number one on the charts every country
in the world Justin Bieber type shit
this will be either the dumbest game
I've ever seen in my life or the single
greatest thing that I've seen in almost
all of the years that I have been
casting Starcraft I want this to work
he is taking every mineral patch and
even built a gateway he has not built a
gateway yet and look he's he County
shades up here he's going tough fuck
looking around what the shit what is
happening here what is going through
this guy's mind and he's gonna check the
third he's gonna go okay he must be down
here he's gonna see the probes down here
he's gonna spend some time he's gonna
spend some time here because he's
thinking probes does all bono have
17a just just you know a drop in the
bucket he he now is almost at every
single mineral patch there is meanwhile
what's-his-name
aaaghh oh gee I'm gonna call him oh gee
oh gee here is building up a normal base
a normal army and he almost has every
mineral patch there is still no gateway
down for albino fly I mean I he's now
seen this so now that you're all your
third base what are you thinking as
albino boy or as a Adam he's opened up 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Nexus
before a gateway
he now has 72 probes we've got three
adepts wrecking probes but guess what it
doesn't matter
look at his minerals he's gonna be able
to start building now and he is going to
have so much economy oh gee is probably
dumbfounded right now I'm dumbfounded
right now I mean he still hasn't built
he still hasn't built anything he's
building more Nexus is what he's doing
I why is he not spending is he just like
is he just trolling this game that's it
I know I don't know is he gonna like try
and win with all probes whoa that would
just be dumb I'd love to see it but that
would be dumb I mean he can't keep the
probe counting up fat little high enough
I mean these depths are just they have
like a thousand kills a piece yeah yeah
it's like there's 50 workers killed
he's blasted through a lot of workers
he's literally building nothing he's not
spending his minerals how he won't win
this game like this and I really want to
see it here we go the gates are going oh
this is just like one big unit portion
of GG he got he's got the because the
Nexus has given him all the food supply
needs
is he gonna like all zealots
he doesn't have a this is his first
gateways there's no gas zero gas I'm
confused
for the first time I actually don't know
what is happening at all I have never
seen someone open up with 14 necks I in
my life before Gate please win just
please win if AG loses I mean you should
really uninstall the game like you
should actually really consider it you
know I'm just sitting here with my mouth
gaping open right now like I don't have
he's finally moving out with an army
like this has taken way too long but he
has still has such a huge advantage the
tech is already out he's got his warp
prism I mean shit he's building outside
he's getting his own third he's gonna
spend so much time at these other bases
he is only just started gathering gas
the Corps is finishing up he's really
warping in units now as a lot of
stalkers and he's gonna start moving his
way up so it's basically a ticking time
bomb at this point no warp gate research
just now starting it gas has just been
started approaching Oprah levels of
money right now oh yeah he's gonna hit
the 10,000 mark he's got a hundred
probes he could attack the probes do
some serious damage if he went right now
100 probes is this natural it will die
it will actually die I just
all right and he is here we go oh he's
building stalkers Oh God and zealots he
only has so much gas to do it right he
really needs to start adding gases okay
he is he's adding gases now he's
definitely got the probes to do it so
his gas is gonna start flying he's
putting down two robos 131 supply to 105
we feel really in the lead here we've
crested the 9000 mineral mark quickly
approaching 10k I'll be spending some
will we hit 10k well Oprah money happen
keep spending so close he's so close oh
god he's so close two hundred is gonna
have it hundred there it is Oh brawny
money
ten ten thousand minerals dude has been
reached we still do not have warp gates
but he has the freaking food lead right
now what yep because he's got a hundred
and something 115 probes dude he might
actually lose the game because he's got
too much probes either that or he's just
got to let these ones die let these ones
die let these ones die then just warp in
mass units
he's got a lot of gateways Oh Margo he's
double pumping immortals he's over ten
thousand minerals Oh Rhino Albano's
doing it gruffly oh my God look at the
amount of stargates going down still no
third going for g g and not a single
word has been said in this chat ID below
I'd be going dumb fuck what does she
know you know what I probably wouldn't
be you know why because my brain would
be to occupy we're trying to come up
with what the hell he's doing true that
I think that's probably a more likely
scenarios I would have no I would be so
confused he's getting serious now like
he's getting serious that's a big army
now
let's look he sees this let the probes
are down here he's got a wall of pylons
his opponent has hasn't even seen a unit
yet he must be thinking he's just
getting trolled like he's just taking
he's a 12,000 minerals is that a hundred
and seventy one supply immortals are out
still not a huge army though this is not
enough of an army I mean he hits 15k he
it's Google money problem is he can hit
that Google money all he wants if he
doesn't have adequate amount of of Units
to take this out on his upgrade now he
is upgrading has og upgraded no he is
zero zeros that by itself could be all
he needs he's getting down to his final
five bases it's really messed up to even
say that at 12 minutes start it with
fourteen of them it's down to five just
wanna I want to let you guys know that I
don't I don't recall ever going above
15k did we ever do that did we hit at
20k once I don't know I don't know I
don't think we have anything above
Google money like do we I don't mean
something like what are we what do we
even I don't think we getting past
Google cash like OPEC money OPEC money
is that 20 okay money
look at this well it's just gonna free
up some supply here for him I don't know
what else to say about this game I'm
just kind of at all right now I think I
think we're just gonna win this one
really big fight it doesn't ask me to be
the show Trump money there you go at
this point all that albino has to do is
make sure that he doesn't come across
the main army and letting him just kill
off as many probes as he can well now
and well now oh geez got well it's come
here we go finally an army there dude
there's way more immortals that is a
little pot of immortals like way more
mortals to tell bio and he's about to be
upgraded like middle of this fight he's
gonna hit one one oh my god Adam he is
going to do it rip
he is the 14 Nexus opening dream he is
going to do it Adam rip and
unfortunately og is getting void Ray's
behind this it's happening boys no bleak
yet for albino fly but at 150 feet wide
or money 15,000 minerals is five bases
what the hell can oh gee do he opened up
14 neck side and he is gonna make it
work on dreamers of that singular probe
the dreamer went up the top left and
thought that this was his main base able
to get all of those Nexus down for Team
exosomes what is going to happen we have
all just witnessed the craziest
Starcraft game I think in Lane TV
history I shit you not
he is taken in our craziest but
definitely the dumbest okay I retract
yeah I'm gonna go to this most
ridiculous over do very high yeah I have
ever seen
in the five and a half years I've been
doing this Acuras 40 Nexus and we've
been seeing some shit how why leave
their gentlemen on this stage because
this is so dumb I only do I believe them
know who I blame I don't blame them I do
I blame them
but this is number one you can just tell
that this is legit just by how the
reactions and how unfortunate the
timings and things were there too bad to
be staged it's actually so bad that it's
good on somebody was was actually
capable of opening 14 Nexus and secured
a victory in a mere matchup PvP
I want you guys to all think about that
in a moment of reflection Wow
soak it up Wow soak it in Wow the albino
fly Wow the genetic freak show holy
coming to the show with 14 Nexus before
a gateway we peaked we've actually
peaked where do you he had 18,000
minerals he almost hit OPEC money which
we had to invent on the off chance that
he actually gathered 20,000 minerals
it's the new meta 14 gate or 1414 gate
14 Nexus it's new meta 14 Nexus opening
well we found our number one guy that's
it that's number one good luck to
anybody else trying to outdo this replay
is it a cheese well I'm gonna I'm just
gonna say yes I'm just gonna say yes I'm
gonna say yes because fuck you that's
why because this guy just opened 14
Nexus and made it work he's cheesed
himself yep it's cheese because he
cheesed himself he put himself at such a
retarded disadvantage like he must well
not built or moved anything for the
first 10 minutes of this game and he
still pulled it off
hot damn ladies and gentlemen that right
there was one hell of a game make sure
to hit that like button tell your
grandmother both this one Ashley don't
she may die no dad don't do that don't
do that don't do that I don't want that
on my conscience at all no so share it
with your friends there you go
keep the grandparents unless they have a
heart condition then don't share then
don't share shoutouts to Luke rate g2a
and yard for making this tournament
possible cuz that game would not have
been cast without them so go show them
some love by signing up on those
giveaways underneath this video and if
you're on the stream you know what to do
we're gonna move into game number ten
that was number nine that he believed
it's eight or nine I don't know all I
know is that it was madness pretty sure
it was not okay we're going number ten
right after this
don't go anywhere